This article assumes basic familiarity with the with the concepts discussed in the AngularJS tutorial and basic JavaScript, however links to the docs will be found in appropriate places inline.

[ngRepeat](http://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngRepeat) is one of the most powerful directives that come bundled with AngularJS. It is most commonly used as a way to populate data in a loop from the API on the page.

A simple example is illustrated below:

https://gist.github.com/agamdua/9252384

Here is the full plunkr (http://plnkr.co/edit/V364ffiFl8EJpjgb7YsX?p=preview)

Coming to the claim about it being powerful, its probably best to have a look at the source code.

```javascript
var ngRepeatDirective = ['$parse', '$animate', function($parse, $animate) {
  var NG_REMOVED = '$$NG_REMOVED';
  var ngRepeatMinErr = minErr('ngRepeat');
```

This is standard syntax for beginning the creation of a directive in angular. As we can see, the dependency injection is used in a minification safe manner, with the services $parse & $animate being passed as arguments.

In lines 2 & 3, we are assigning values to the variables, in the scope of the ngRepeatDirective.

```javascript
  return {
    transclude: 'element',
    priority: 1000,
    terminal: true,
    $$tlb: true,
    link: function($scope, $element, $attr, ctrl, $transclude){
        var expression = $attr.ngRepeat;
        var match = expression.match(/^\s*([\s\S]+?)\s+in\s+([\s\S]+?)(?:\s+track\s+by\s+([\s\S]+?))?\s*$/),
          trackByExp, trackByExpGetter, trackByIdExpFn, trackByIdArrayFn, trackByIdObjFn,
          lhs, rhs, valueIdentifier, keyIdentifier,
          hashFnLocals = {$id: hashKey};
```

#### Transclude:
What does this transclude option do, exactly? transclude makes the contents of a directive with this option 
have access to the scope outside of the directive rather than inside.

[??] terminal & priority not in directive docs

#### $$tlb
Issue [#4357](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/issues/4357), [#6042](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/issues/6042)
It was added in [this commit](https://github.com/btford/angular.js/commit/becd7f9caea94597f8e09da037eaeed799c718d2)

#### link:
Directives that want to modify the DOM typically use the link option. link takes a function with the following signature, function link(scope, element, attrs) { ... } where:
 - scope is an Angular scope object.
 - element is the jqLite-wrapped element that this directive matches.
 - attrs is a hash object with key-value pairs of normalized attribute names and their corresponding attribute values.

